Add nightly ok label workflow (#32876)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/3_0_20.md

#### Integrations

##### Investigation & Response

> - Fixed an issue where the 'Resolved - Security Testing' close reason was not mirrored properly.

Reviewer: @ShirleyDenkberg to review
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **Resolved - Security Testing** Close Reason was not mirrored properly.
```
